The input will be in the form a colon (:) separated tuple of three values. The first value will be an integer (potentially a long in terms of size/length), with the other two values being either numeric or a string
Need to validate the following string using regular expression: Key = Value ; Key = Value ; Key = Value and so on. 1. Key and value can contain anything except = and ; 2. Key and Value both cannot be blank or empty with sapces 3. Input string does not ends with ;
It should accept numbers only with decimal part 0 or 5 only.
The value should not contain only % and if there is a % the length should be more than 3 characters including %. % can be anywhere in the string (dot is included).
I need to create a regular expression for a string in the format <whole-number> @ <whole-numbers> % 1. only single numeric digit should be allowed before @ 2. only @ special character after the numeric digit 3. there should be only 3 or less numeric digits after the @ 4. only % special character should be allowed at the end of the string.
I'm trying to write a regular expression to check whether or not a proposed name is valid in a gaming platform. Rules: 1. Name must contain at least 3 and no more than 20 letters 2. Name must start with a uppercase letter 3. Name must never have two uppercase letters in a row 4. Spaces are allowed, but must be preceded by a letter and be followed by an uppercase letter 5. Hyphens are allowed, but must be preceded by a letter and be followed by a lowercase letter 6. All uppercase letters must be followed by a lowercase letter unless they are followed by a space or hyphen
I need their cell phone formats to be like this  04AB-XXXXXXX Where A can be either 1 or 2 and B can be either 2, 4 or 6 X can be from 0-9 There must be exactly 7 numbers (X) after 04AB It must always start with 04
How should I write my regular expressions code to match following criteria? It consists of at least two space - separated names All space - separated names at least 2 characters long At least one space - separated name is at least 4 characters long
I'm looking for the perfect regular expression for validation a german car license the number has too look like this: 1. 1 - 3 Letters 2. a MINUS (i know the minus is now out of date, but the customer want it that way) 3. 1 - 2 Letters 4. a SPACE 5. 1 - 4 numbers
I need a regular expression in .net which 1. will only allow a maximum of two digits after "." 2. will only allow a maximum of two digits before "." 3. has a maximum length of 5 4. represents a number greater than 0 5. represents a number not greater than 100 6. has a number not greater than 11 after "."
