I need a regular expression that satisfy these rules: 1. The maximum number of decimal point is 3 but a number with no decimal point (e.g 12) should be accepted too 2. the value must be at least 0 3. the value must be less or equal to 99999999999.999 4. the radix point is DOT (e.g 2.5, not 2,5)
I need a regular expression that validates a decimal number which includes +, - sign as well.
validate a set of double number with semi-colon delimeted
I'm trying to use regular expressions to match a string that does not contain the sequence of characters of a less than symbol (<) followed by a non space.
i need regular expression for : one or two digits then . and one or two digits.
The value can have at max 3 decimals (but also none) with comma as the separator.
1. It should allow only one space between words. That is, total number of spaces between words or characters should only be one. 2. It should ignore leading and trailing spaces.
I have a field that should accept: a) letters [a-zA-Z] b) letters with numbers [a-zA-Z0-9] c) no special characters
I want a regular expression that validates a string of length 1 which has either the characters A or B (case insensitive) at the Begin
Allows only the following characters: Letters, numbers, spaces and any of the following characters _ -+ ( ) /\
write a regular expression for validating a organisation name which allows Alphanumeric as the starting characters and only special characters like ., -, # and &.
I am trying to implement regex validation for passport number. My requirement is 1. Length should be minimum 3 characters to a maximum of 20 characters. 2. Should not be only 0's
I need some help in finding how to write a validation expression to validate a string representing addition of digits.
I want this value to accept up to 18 digits before the decimal, and 1 digit after. With the decimal point and the digit after it being optional
I need to validate each sub string length is 3 which is split by comma.
I would like to validate a string format that should only contain only numbers with also following conditions both satisfied: If it is a integer number, the maximum number of digits is 5. If it is a number with decimal (or decimal fraction), the maximum digits after decimal mark is two. NOTE: value use comma or dot as decimal point. Please bear in mind that both of the two conditions have to be satisfied.
Requirement is that total number of hyphens with the string can only be one.
I'm trying to devise a regular expression which will accept decimal number up to 4 digits.
I need to create a regular expression for a string in the format <whole-number>@<whole-numbers>% 1. only single numeric digit should be allowed before @ 2. only @ special character after the numeric digit 3. there should be only 3 or less numeric digits after the @ 4. only % special character should be allowed at the end of the string.
Can anyone please help me to find the suitable regular expression to validate a string that has comma separated numbers
I'm looking for the perfect regular expression for validation a german car license the number has too look like this: 1. 1-3 Letters 2. a MINUS (i know the minus is now out of date, but the customer want it that way) 3. 1-2 Letters 4. a SPACE 5. 1-4 numbers
The input box should accept only if either (1) first 2 letters alpha + 6 numeric or (2) 8 numeric
I want to write a regular expression using jQuery to validate input fields which will not allow special char at end and the string length should be in between 3-25.
I'm trying to write a regular expression to validate a number that is either just a 0 OR at least 1000 and that also allows a comma for a thousand separator.
The validation will pass only if 1. the number has precisely two decimal places 2. there is at least one digit before the decimal point. (could be zero) 3. the number before the decimal point can not begin with more than one zero.
valid characters are alpha-numeric and .(period). The patterns are %d4% and %t7%. So % is not valid by itself, but has to be part of these specific patterns.
I'm trying to validate an input field to accept x OR x+y where x and y are whole numbers from 1-10.
I am now in need of a Reg Exp (for validation putsposes) that checks that the user enters a number according to the following rules. 1. no alpha characters 2. can have decimal 3. can have commas for the thousands, but the commas must be correctly placed
I want to limit mamimum total digit counts are 5. And decimal numbers are 2 positions for maximum, cannot exceed 2 digits, but need to valid total word count is not large than 5.
I need a regular expression validation expression that will ALLOW 1. positive number(0-9) 2. , and . DISALLOW 1. letter(a-z) 2. any other letter or symbol except . and ,
I have one field that is meant to allow a 1 - 3 character string. The first character has got to be A, B, C or Z and may optionally be followed by upto 2 characters.
write regular expression in C# to validate that the input does not contain double spaces
I want to develop one regular expression which validates only strings which have "A,B or C"
at least 6 characters 1. no space 2. at least one digit 3. at least one uppercase 4. at least one lowercase 5. at least one special character: !@#$%^&*()_
write a Regular Expression validator to accept numbers only with decimal part 0 or 5 only and in range 0-5. No matter how many 0 in front or behind the numbers it can be valid.
I need their cell phone formats to be like this  04AB-XXXXXXX Where A can be either 1 or 2 and B can be either 2, 4 or 6 X can be from 0-9 There must be exactly 7 numbers (X) after 04AB It must always start with 04
The input box should accept alphanumeric with no space and it should also allow the user to use the characters like ~!@#$-_ any where in the string, except these characters non of the other characters should be allowed like (%, &, ^ etc). It should not allow leading/trailing whitespace also.
I want to validate a 10 digit USA style phone number using a Regular Expression in Javascript. It should allow (validate as correct) the following formats: xxx-xxx-xxxx
I need a regular expression that will test the input 1. Should start with only one + symbol or optional ( + should not come in between ) 2. should not contain alphabets and any other special character 3. Should not contain consecutive + symbols
Need a regular expression to check a string with 4 digit and the space in trail.
I need regular expression for validating version number
Should allow only alphanumeric with no space and no other characters including (_). It should not allow leading/trailing whitespace also.
What is the regex that matches 6 characters, first is a letter, others are numbers
I'm trying to validate a form using regular expressions, the conditions are: 1. It has to be a numeric value 2. It CAN have up to three decimal places(0,1,2 are allowed too) 3. It has to be divided by a comma(,)
The rules are: 1. The string must be 10-15 total characters in length. 2. Must contain exactly 10 digits within string. 3. Can contain "(", ")" , " ", ".", or "-" delimiters within the string. 4. It doesn't matter how many delimiters are grouped as long as numbers are grouped in {3}{3}{4}.
I need a regular expression that has the following constraints: 1. Contains only [A-Z0-9.*] characters 2. Is 1 to 15 characters in length 3. Must contain a * but only once.
I want to validate if my input consists starting with 8 hexadecimal characters followed by a underscore, followed by any number of charters with any value.
I am trying to create a regular expression which will validate a text. Conditions are as follows: 1. Must contain at least one alphanumeric character [A-Za-z0-9] 2. Can contain allowed special character like [@#]. This is optional. 3. No other characters are allowed other than the above mentioned chars[includes @ and #]. 4. Text length should be less than 8.
allow only numbers, maxmium two decimals, max one comma (,) and one minus symbol in front of the number (optional).
Need to validate the following string using regular expression: Key=Value;Key=Value;Key=Value and so on. 1. Key and value can contain anything except = and ; 2. Key and Value both cannot be blank or empty with sapces 3. Input string does not ends with ;
write regular expression that allows only digits, characters like & | . ( ) and spaces.
I'm trying to make a regular expression that validates positive natural numbersfrom three digits to 9 digits and separates the thousand unit and the million unit with a point
the first letter of each string is in upper case
How should I write my regular expressions code to match following criteria? It consists of at least two space-separated names All space-separated names at least 2 characters long At least one space-separated name is at least 4 characters long
I am trying to use a regular expression to validate decimal values . Rules : 1. It should allow positive numbers. 2. It should allow max 13 numbers before decimal point 3. It should allow max two number after decimal. 4. It should allow .(dot) with number like a .5 5. It should not allow the .0
I need a regular expression that only validates UK mobile numbers. A UK mobile number can be between 10-14 digits and either starts with 07, or omits the 0 and starts with 447. Importantly, if the user adds +44 it should be rejected.
Requirement: 1. First part of the string can be; Min 1 Max 6 char long. Upper case only. 2. Second part of the string can be; Exactly 2 chars long but 00 is not accepted. 3. So all together: It can be min 3 max 8 chars long.
Need a regular expression to validate number with comma separator.
It should accept numbers only with decimal part 0 or 5 only.
optional number of digits followed by an 'X' and an optional ('^' followed by one or more digits)
I need a regular expression that can validate that a string is an alphanumeric comma delimited string.
I am trying to validate dollar amount , anything greater than equal to 0.1.
I want to use a Regular expression validator in my line edit that doesn't allow to write dot(.) right after dot(.).
I'm looking for a regular expression that will match text given the following requirements: 1. contains only 10 digits (only numbers) 2. starts with 9.
accept numeric values that are seven or ten digits
regular expression which validates only number and min length should be 11 and maximum 16
First Name and Last Name Only with only 2 words with only 1 Space.
the expression is a alphanumeric one(where the alphabets are optional) where the alphabets can be only d|D|w|W|m|M|q|Q|y|Y and can appear only after the numerals. Also if any character can come before any numerals that can only be a minus.
the number with 10 or more digits and that number should not have $ symbol in front of it.
I want regex that only validates that the field contains digits, but that does not care about how many.
What is the regular expression for validating a month with the leading zero?
Valid input are at least two characters with * symbol. In other words valid format is < '*' or nothing><at least two characters>< '*' or nothing>
I am trying to make a regular expression that validates letters, numbers and spaces ONLY.”
The first character should be a designated character like A, B or C only. and the next 3 characters should be numbers.
The value should not contain only % and if there is a % the length should be more than 3 characters including %. % can be anywhere in the string (dot is included).
