I need a regular expression that validates a number, but doesn't require a digit after the decimal
I would like regex to be a whole number with thousands separated with a comma. No decimal. No $.
We like to validate following with Regex: 1. string may contain 0 or more alphabets, digits, underscore OR 2. string may contain literals %sample1% or %sample2% (0 or more times in any order)
I need to validate a string that contains underscore(_) in between the numbers. Underscore character is an optional. Only condition is, it should be between the numbers.
The string must be 9 characters long, starting with SO- (case insensitive eg So-, so-, sO- and SO-) followed by 6 numbers.
a regular expression for validating a string with alphanumeric characters and dashes, while also not allowing leading or trailing dashes
I am trying to write a regular expression which validates a text box to have only digits with length 5 or 9.
I need a regular expression in .net which 1. will only allow a maximum of two digits after "." 2. will only allow a maximum of two digits before "." 3. has a maximum length of 5 4. represents a number greater than 0 5. represents a number not greater than 100 6. has a number not greater than 11 after "."
User allowed to enter two characters after %
start and finish with a percentage sign and can contain any number of characters in-between.
How can i write valid regular expression for Oracle's Number(2,2), Also digits after decimal should be either, 1 or 2 but not more than 2,also it can be optional. The numer should never start with [1-9] but can start with 0.
I want a regular expression for decimal input, which can take 4 digits before decimal or comma and 2 digits after decimal/comma. 5 digit number without decimal is invalid.
I need a regular expression to validate single digit within range of [1-5] followed by alphabet [A-C] and followed by optional alphabet [X-Z]
Decimal numbers up to 3 decimal places which are greater than zero
I'm trying to write a regular expression to check whether or not a proposed name is valid in a gaming platform. Rules: 1. Name must contain at least 3 and no more than 20 letters 2. Name must start with a uppercaseletter 3. Name must never have two uppercase letters in a row 4. Spaces are allowed, but must be preceded by a letter and be followed by an uppercase letter 5. Hyphens are allowed, but must be preceded by a letter and be followed by a lowercase letter 6. All uppercase letters must be followed by a lowercase letter unless they are followed by a space or hyphen
I need to write a regular expression to verify if a file input follows a rule: A111B2_3_C.exe in which: 1. A: compulsory, it must be a'A' 2. 111: compulsory, it is a natural number 3. B: compulsory, it must be a'B' 4. 2: compulsory, it is in range from 1->6 5. _: compulsory, it must be '_' 6. 3: compulsory, it must be a nature number 7. _: optional if C followed, it must be '_' 8. C: optional, C is a natural number 9. .exe: is the end extension of the file
The name must only consist of letters, numbers and one or more single spaces (not in the beginning or end). The minimum length is 3 characters.
I'm trying to validate a value and that value cannot have a zero and then a number in front of it
write a regular expression that ONLY matches strings, NO NUMBERS, NO SPECIAL CHARACTERS, just letters from A - Z.
The input will be in the form a colon (:) separated tuple of three values. The first value will be an integer (potentially a long in terms of size/length), with the other two values being either numeric or a string
I need to match only strings that include one character / between numbers or integer numbers.
it doesn't start with a space, doesn't contain a space, and doesn't end with a space.
I need to validate the next pattern: starts with C0 and finish with 4 digits exactly
I need to validate a range of x-y. The numbers for x and y can't start with 0. The numbers for x and y can be 1 digit to 6 digits in length. No other characters other than numbers and one dash between them allowed.
i need a Regular that validate Decimal (18,3) this mean max number of digits before comma is 15 and accept 3 numbers after comma . 18 precision 3 scale .
I need a regular expression that can validate an input string to make sure it is a number between 1-30 and up to 2 decimal places.
Validating rules are follow 1. Input is last name, first name i.e. separated by comma. 2. Must have at least two characters while using wild card search. 3. Valid wildcard character is '*' only. 4. At most two wildcard characters can be used. 5. No consecutive wild cards. 6. If no wild card used no constraint on length of characters in both last and first name.
validate a textbox with decimal number. First two digit and decimal point and followed by a single digit. i need the exact digit like this two digit.single digit. The final single digit is 5 only.
I wan`t to validate next formats: 1. Decimal numbers with max 3 decimal places 2. Exclude 0
I am writing a regular expression to validate a zip code, where it should have exactly a length of 6 characters, the first 3 characters are digits, the last 2 also, but the character 4 should be a space.
